docs: updated auth provider doc (#4656)
refinedev/refine: documentation/docs/api-reference/core/providers/auth-provider.md

};
```

-   `success`: Determines whether the operation is successful or not.

> -   `redirectTo`: The path of the page that the user will be redirected to after the operation is completed.

Reviewer: For redirecting only on successful condition;

```suggestion
-   `redirectTo`: The path of the page that the user will be redirected to after the login successful.
```

    },
    // ---
};
```

<br />

**refine** will consume this method using the `useIsAuthenticated` hook which is used for checking if the user is authenticated.

```tsx
import { useIsAuthenticated } from "@refinedev/core";

const { data, isSuccess, isLoading, isError } = useIsAuthenticated();
```

> For more information, refer to the [`useIsAuthenticated`][use-is-authenticated] documentation.

**FAQ**

<details>
  <summary><strong>How can I redirect the user if they are not authenticated?</strong></summary>

If you want to redirect the user to a specific page, you can resolve the Promise with an object that has `redirectTo` property.

```ts
const authProvider: AuthBindings = {
    // ---
    check: async () => {
        // ---
        return {
            authenticated: false,
            redirectTo: "/custom-page",
        };
    },
};
```

</details>

### logout

The `logout` method is used to log out users. It expects to return a resolved promise with the following type:

```ts
type AuthActionResponse = {
    success: boolean;
    redirectTo?: string;
    error?: Error;
    [key: string]: unknown;
};
```

-   `success`: Determines whether the operation is successful or not.

> -   `redirectTo`: The path of the page that the user will be redirected to after the operation is completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `redirectTo`: The path of the page that the user will be redirected to after the logout successful.
```
